Allow multiple sources to be listed as citations for a fact (#82)
mn-pollinators/pollinator-facts: src/facts/buzz-pollination.md

  url: https://www.flickr.com/photos/pondapple/10243478783/
  src: ../images/10243478783_5f4bc02b57_o-crop.jpg
source:
  - name: "Bees: An Identification and Native Plant Forage Guide"
    url: https://www.pollinatorsnativeplants.com/bees-an-identification-and-native-plant-forage-guide.html
category: behavior
---

> Buzz pollination or sonication is a technique where certain bees vibrate their bodies to shake a large amount of pollen out of flowers. Bees known to use sonication are bumble bees, mining bees, large carpenter bees, small sweat bees, sweat bees, and metallic green sweat bees. Buzz pollination is required for good production of many food plants, including tomato, blueberries, cranberries, eggplant and pepper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Buzz pollination or sonication is a technique where certain bees vibrate their bodies to shake a large amount of pollen out of flowers. Bees known to use sonication are bumble bees, mining bees, large carpenter bees, small sweat bees, sweat bees, and metallic green sweat bees. Buzz pollination is required for good production of many food plants, including tomato, blueberry, cranberry, eggplant, and pepper.
```
